	1.	Python program to add two numbers
	2.	Maximum of two numbers in Python
	3.	Python Program for factorial of a number
	4.	Python Program for simple interest
	5.	Python Program for compound interest
	6.	Python Program to check Armstrong Number
	7.	Python Program for Program to find area of a circle
	8.	Python program to print all Prime numbers in an Interval
	9.	Python program to check whether a number is Prime or not
	10.	Python Program for n-th Fibonacci number
	11.	Python Program for How to check if a given number is Fibonacci number?
	12.	Python Program for n\’th multiple of a number in Fibonacci Series
	13.	Program to print ASCII Value of a character
	14.	Python Program for Sum of squares of first n natural numbers
	15.	Python Program for cube sum of first n natural numbers

	1.	Python Program to find sum of array
	2.	Python Program to find largest element in an array
	3.	Python Program for array rotation
	4.	Python Program for Reversal algorithm for array rotation
	5.	Python Program to Split the array and add the first part to the end
	6.	Python Program for Find reminder of array multiplication divided by n
	7.	Python Program to check if given array is Monotonic

	1.	Python program to interchange first and last elements in a list
	2.	Python program to swap two elements in a list
	3.	Python | Ways to find length of list
	4.	Python | Ways to check if element exists in list
	5.	Different ways to clear a list in Python
	6.	Python | Reversing a List
	7.	Python program to find sum of elements in list
	8.	Python | Multiply all numbers in the list
	9.	Python program to find smallest number in a list
	10.	Python program to find largest number in a list
	11.	Python program to find second largest number in a list
	12.	Python program to find N largest elements from a list
	13.	Python program to print even numbers in a list
	14.	Python program to print odd numbers in a List
	15.	Python program to print all even numbers in a range
	16.	Python program to print all odd numbers in a range
	17.	Python program to print positive numbers in a list
	18.	Python program to print negative numbers in a list
	19.	Python program to print all positive numbers in a range
	20.	Python program to print all negative numbers in a range
	21.	Remove multiple elements from a list in Python
	22.	Python – Remove empty List from List
	23.	Python | Cloning or Copying a list
	24.	Python | Count occurrences of an element in a list
	25.	Python | Remove empty tuples from a list
	26.	Python | Program to print duplicates from a list of integers
	27.	Python program to find Cumulative sum of a list
	28.	Python | Sum of number digits in List
	29.	Break a list into chunks of size N in Python
	30.	Python | Sort the values of first list using second list

	1.	Python program to check if a string is palindrome or not
	2.	Python program to check whether the string is Symmetrical or Palindrome
	3.	Reverse words in a given String in Python
	4.	Ways to remove i’th character from string in Python
	5.	Python | Check if a Substring is Present in a Given String
	6.	Python – Words Frequency in String Shorthands
	7.	Python – Convert Snake case to Pascal case
	8.	Find length of a string in python (4 ways)
	9.	Python program to print even length words in a string
	10.	Python program to accept the strings which contains all vowels
	11.	Python | Count the Number of matching characters in a pair of string
	12.	Remove all duplicates from a given string in Python
	13.	Python – Least Frequent Character in String
	14.	Python | Maximum frequency character in String
	15.	Python | Program to check if a string contains any special character
	16.	Generating random strings until a given string is generated
	17.	Find words which are greater than given length k
	18.	Python program for removing i-th character from a string
	19.	Python program to split and join a string
	20.	Python | Check if a given string is binary string or not
	21.	Python program to find uncommon words from two Strings
	22.	Python – Replace duplicate Occurrence in String
	23.	Python – Replace multiple words with K
	24.	Python | Permutation of a given string using inbuilt function
	25.	Python | Check for URL in a String
	26.	Execute a String of Code in Python
	27.	String slicing in Python to rotate a string
	28.	String slicing in Python to check if a string can become empty by recursive deletion
	29.	Python Counter| Find all duplicate characters in string
	30.	Python – Replace all occurrences of a substring in a string
	31.	More >>

	1.	Python – Extract Unique values dictionary values
	2.	Python program to find the sum of all items in a dictionary
	3.	Python | Ways to remove a key from dictionary
	4.	Ways to sort list of dictionaries by values in Python – Using itemgetter
	5.	Ways to sort list of dictionaries by values in Python – Using lambda function
	6.	Python | Merging two Dictionaries
	7.	Python – Convert key-values list to flat dictionary
	8.	Python – Insertion at the beginning in OrderedDict
	9.	Python | Check order of character in string using OrderedDict( )
	10.	Dictionary and counter in Python to find winner of election
	11.	Python – Append Dictionary Keys and Values ( In order ) in dictionary
	12.	Python | Sort Python Dictionaries by Key or Value
	13.	Python – Sort Dictionary key and values List
	14.	Handling missing keys in Python dictionaries
	15.	Python dictionary with keys having multiple inputs
	16.	Print anagrams together in Python using List and Dictionary
	17.	K’th Non-repeating Character in Python using List Comprehension and OrderedDict
	18.	Check if binary representations of two numbers are anagram
	19.	Python Counter to find the size of largest subset of anagram words
	20.	Python | Remove all duplicates words from a given sentence
	21.	Python Dictionary to find mirror characters in a string
	22.	Counting the frequencies in a list using dictionary in Python
	23.	Python | Convert a list of Tuples into Dictionary
	24.	Python counter and dictionary intersection example (Make a string using deletion and rearrangement)
	25.	Python dictionary, set and counter to check if frequencies can become same
	26.	Scraping And Finding Ordered Words In A Dictionary using Python
	27.	Possible Words using given characters in Python
	28.	Python – Keys associated with Values in Dictionary

	1.	Python program to Find the size of a Tuple
	2.	Python – Maximum and Minimum K elements in Tuple
	3.	Create a list of tuples from given list having number and its cube in each tuple
	4.	Python – Adding Tuple to List and vice – versa
	5.	Python – Closest Pair to Kth index element in Tuple
	6.	Python – Join Tuples if similar initial element
	7.	Python – Extract digits from Tuple list
	8.	Python – All pair combinations of 2 tuples
	9.	Python – Remove Tuples of Length K
	10.	Sort a list of tuples by second Item
	11.	Python program to Order Tuples using external List
	12.	Python – Flatten tuple of List to tuple
	13.	Python – Convert Nested Tuple to Custom Key Dictionary

	1.	Python Program for Binary Search (Recursive and Iterative)
	2.	Python Program for Linear Search
	3.	Python Program for Insertion Sort
	4.	Python Program for Recursive Insertion Sort
	5.	Python Program for QuickSort
	6.	Python Program for Iterative Quick Sort
	7.	Python Program for Selection Sort
	8.	Python Program for Bubble Sort
	9.	Python Program for Merge Sort
	10.	Python Program for Iterative Merge Sort
	11.	Python Program for Heap Sort
	12.	Python Program for Counting Sort
	13.	Python Program for ShellSort
	14.	Python Program for Topological Sorting
	15.	Python Program for Radix Sort
	16.	Python Program for Binary Insertion Sort
	17.	Python Program for Bitonic Sort
	18.	Python Program for Comb Sort
	19.	Python Program for Pigeonhole Sort
	20.	Python Program for Cocktail Sort
	21.	Python Program for Gnome Sort
	22.	Python Program for Odd-Even Sort / Brick Sort
	23.	Python Program for BogoSort or Permutation Sort
	24.	Python Program for Cycle Sort
	25.	Python Program for Stooge Sort
	1.	Python Program to print the pattern ‘G’
	2.	Python Program to print an Inverted Star Pattern
	3.	Python Program to print double sided stair-case pattern
	4.	Python Program to print with your own font


	1.	Python program to get Current Time
	2.	Get Current Date and Time using Python
	3.	Python | Find yesterday’s, today’s and tomorrow’s date
	4.	Python program to convert time from 12 hour to 24 hour format
	5.	Python program to find difference between current time and given time
	6.	Python Program to Create a Lap Timer
	7.	Convert date string to timestamp in Python
	8.	How to convert timestamp string to datetime object in Python?
	9.	Find number of times every day occurs in a Year


	1.	Python program to read file word by word
	2.	Python program to read character by character from a file
	3.	Python – Get number of characters, words, spaces and lines in a file
	4.	Python program to Count the Number of occurrences of a key-value pair in a text file
	5.	Python | Finding ‘n’ Character Words in a Text File
	6.	Python Program to obtain the line number in which given word is present
	7.	Count number of lines in a text file in Python
	8.	Python Program to remove lines starting with any prefix
	9.	Python Program to Eliminate repeated lines from a file
	10.	Python Program to read List of Dictionaries from File
	11.	Python – Append content of one text file to another
	12.	Python program to copy odd lines of one file to other
	13.	Python Program to merge two files into a third file
	14.	Python program to Reverse a single line of a text file
	15.	Python program to reverse the content of a file and store it in another file
	16.	Python Program to Reverse the Content of a File using Stack

    Assignments-1
--------------

1. Write a Python program to print all natural numbers from 1 to n. 
2. Write a Python program to print all natural numbers in reverse (from n to 1).
3. Write a Python program to print all alphabets from a to z(use chr()).
4. Write a Python program to print all even numbers between 1 to 100. 
5. Write a Python program to print all odd number between 1 to 100.


Assignments-2
-------------
6. Write a Python program to find sum of all natural numbers between 1 to n.
7. Write a Python program to find sum of all even numbers between 1 to n.
8. Write a Python program to find sum of all odd numbers between 1 to n.
9. Write a Python program to print multiplication table of any number.
10. Write a Python program to count number of digits in a number.

Assignments-3
-------------

11. Write a Python program to find first and last digit of a number.
12. Write a Python program to find sum of first and last digit of a number.
13. Write a Python program to swap first and last digits of a number.
14. Write a Python program to calculate sum of digits of a number.
15. Write a Python program to calculate product of digits of a number.

Assignments-4
-------------
16. Write a Python program to enter a number and print its reverse.
17. Write a Python program to check whether a number is palindrome or not.===> Tomorrow
18. Write a Python program to find frequency of each digit in a given integer.
19. Write a Python program to find power of a each number using for loop.
20. Write a Python program to print all ASCII character with their values.


Assignments-5
-------------
21) Write a Python program to calculate factorial of a number.
22) Write a Python program to find HCF (GCD) of two numbers.
23) Write a Python program to find LCM of two numbers.
24) Write a Python program to check whether a number is Prime number or not.
25) Write a Python program to print all Prime numbers between 1 to n.

Assignment 6:
------------
26) Write a Python program to check whether a number is Armstrong number or not.
27) Write a Python program to print all Armstrong numbers between 1 to n.
28) Write a Python program to print Fibonacci series up to n terms.
29) Write a Python program to print Pascal triangle upto n rows.
30) Star pattern programs - Write a Python program to print the given star patterns.
*
**
***
****
*****


*****
****
***
**
*


   *  
  ***
 *****
*******